Content improvements (#354)
apple/swift-org-website: about/index.md

title: About Swift
---

> Swift is a general-purpose programming language that's approachable for newcomers and powerful in expert hands. It is quick to write, fast to run, modern, and safe.

Reviewer: @tkremenek @airspeedswift opinions? the "quick to write, fast to run" is nice play IMO

> Swift is a general-purpose programming language that's approachable for newcomers and powerful in expert hands. It is quick to write, fast to run, modern, and safe.

Reviewer 2: Let's match the front-page with: "Swift is a general-purpose programming language that's approachable for newcomers and powerful for experts. It is fast, modern, safe, and a joy to write."

> Swift is a general-purpose programming language that's approachable for newcomers and powerful in expert hands. It is quick to write, fast to run, modern, and safe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Swift is a general-purpose programming language that's approachable for newcomers and powerful for experts. It is fast, modern, safe, and a joy to write.
```

Reviewer 3: I really look this change.

Reviewer 3: I really like this change.

Swift is a general-purpose programming language that's approachable for newcomers and powerful in expert hands. It is quick to write, fast to run, modern, and safe.

> The goal of the Swift project is to create the best available language for uses ranging from systems programming, to mobile and desktop apps, scaling up to cloud services.  Most importantly, Swift is designed to make writing and maintaining *correct* programs easier for the developer. To achieve this goal, we believe that the most obvious way to write Swift code must also be:

Reviewer: @cthielen this whole paragraph was removed, or am I misunderstanding the comment?

> * Swift is general-purpose and modern. Suitable for everything from systems programming, through mobile and desktop apps, to cloud services.

Reviewer: @daveverwer @dempseyatgithub thoughts?

> * Swift is general-purpose and modern. Suitable for everything from systems programming, through mobile and desktop apps, to cloud services.

Reviewer 4: Again, apologies for missing being tagged here.

I'd be fine with these being broken apart into two points. 👍

> * Swift is fast to run and quick to write. Swift is fast to run and quick to write. It comes with predictable and consistent performance that is on-par with C-based languages without sacrificing developer friendliness.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Swift is fast to run and quick to write. It comes with predictable and consistent performance that is on-par with C-based languages without sacrificing developer friendliness.
```
